updated readme and added support for custom validators (#215)
snok/drf-openapi-tester: README.md

# DRF OpenAPI Tester

> This is a test utility to validate DRF Test Responses against OpenAPI 2 and 3 schema. It has built-in support for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a test utility for validating DRF responses against Swagger 2.0 and OpenAPI 3.0 schemas. It has built-in support for:
```

```

> Once you instantiate a tester, you can use it to validate test Response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you instantiate a tester, you can use it to test responses:
```
